Code	"Indicator Name"	"Long definition"	"Source"
SE.PRM.UNER	"Children out of school, primary"	"Children out of school are the number of primary-school-age children not enrolled in primary or secondary school."	"UNESCO Institute for Statistics"
EN.ATM.CO2E.KT	"CO2 emissions (kt)"	"Carbon dioxide emissions are those stemming from the burning of fossil fuels and the manufacture of cement. They include carbon dioxide produced during consumption of solid, liquid, and gas fuels and gas flaring."	"Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Environmental Sciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States."
EG.ELC.FOSL.ZS	"Electricity production from oil, gas and coal sources (% of total)"	"Sources of electricity refer to the inputs used to generate electricity. Oil refers to crude oil and petroleum products. Gas refers to natural gas but excludes natural gas liquids. Coal refers to all coal and brown coal, both primary (including hard coal and lignite-brown coal) and derived fuels (including patent fuel, coke oven coke, gas coke, coke oven gas, and blast furnace gas). Peat is also included in this category."	"IEA Statistics © OECD/IEA 2014 (http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp), subject to https://www.iea.org/t&c/termsandconditions/"
EG.ELC.RNWX.ZS	"Electricity production from renewable sources, excluding hydroelectric (% of total)"	"Electricity production from renewable sources, excluding hydroelectric, includes geothermal, solar, tides, wind, biomass, and biofuels."	"IEA Statistics © OECD/IEA 2014 (http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp), subject to https://www.iea.org/t&c/termsandconditions/"
SP.DYN.LE00.IN	"Life expectancy at birth, total (years)"	"Life expectancy at birth indicates the number of years a newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the same throughout its life."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision, or derived from male and female life expectancy at birth from sources such as: (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
SP.POP.TOTL	"Population, total"	"Total population is based on the de facto definition of population, which counts all residents regardless of legal status or citizenship. The values shown are midyear estimates."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision. (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
SP.RUR.TOTL	"Rural population"	"Rural population refers to people living in rural areas as defined by national statistical offices. It is calculated as the difference between total population and urban population. Aggregation of urban and rural population may not add up to total population because of different country coverages."	"World Bank staff estimates based on the United Nations Population Division's World Urbanization Prospects: 2018 Revision."
SP.URB.TOTL	"Urban population"	"Urban population refers to people living in urban areas as defined by national statistical offices. It is calculated using World Bank population estimates and urban ratios from the United Nations World Urbanization Prospects. Aggregation of urban and rural population may not add up to total population because of different country coverages."	"World Bank staff estimates based on the United Nations Population Division's World Urbanization Prospects: 2018 Revision."
AG.SRF.TOTL.K2	"Surface area (sq. km)"	"Surface area is a country's total area, including areas under inland bodies of water and some coastal waterways."	"Food and Agriculture Organization, electronic files and web site."
