Code	"Indicator Name"	"Long definition"	"Source"
ER.H2O.FWTL.K3	"Annual freshwater withdrawals, total (billion cubic meters)"	"Annual freshwater withdrawals refer to total water withdrawals, not counting evaporation losses from storage basins. Withdrawals also include water from desalination plants in countries where they are a significant source. Withdrawals can exceed 100 percent of total renewable resources where extraction from nonrenewable aquifers or desalination plants is considerable or where there is significant water reuse. Withdrawals for agriculture and industry are total withdrawals for irrigation and livestock production and for direct industrial use (including withdrawals for cooling thermoelectric plants). Withdrawals for domestic uses include drinking water, municipal use or supply, and use for public services, commercial establishments, and homes. Data are for the most recent year available for 1987-2002."	"Food and Agriculture Organization, AQUASTAT data."
SE.PRM.UNER	"Children out of school, primary"	"Children out of school are the number of primary-school-age children not enrolled in primary or secondary school."	"UNESCO Institute for Statistics"
EN.ATM.CO2E.KT	"CO2 emissions (kt)"	"Carbon dioxide emissions are those stemming from the burning of fossil fuels and the manufacture of cement. They include carbon dioxide produced during consumption of solid, liquid, and gas fuels and gas flaring."	"Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Environmental Sciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States."
EG.ELC.FOSL.ZS	"Electricity production from oil, gas and coal sources (% of total)"	"Sources of electricity refer to the inputs used to generate electricity. Oil refers to crude oil and petroleum products. Gas refers to natural gas but excludes natural gas liquids. Coal refers to all coal and brown coal, both primary (including hard coal and lignite-brown coal) and derived fuels (including patent fuel, coke oven coke, gas coke, coke oven gas, and blast furnace gas). Peat is also included in this category."	"IEA Statistics © OECD/IEA 2014 (http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp), subject to https://www.iea.org/t&c/termsandconditions/"
EG.ELC.RNWX.ZS	"Electricity production from renewable sources, excluding hydroelectric (% of total)"	"Electricity production from renewable sources, excluding hydroelectric, includes geothermal, solar, tides, wind, biomass, and biofuels."	"IEA Statistics © OECD/IEA 2014 (http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp), subject to https://www.iea.org/t&c/termsandconditions/"
SP.DYN.LE00.IN	"Life expectancy at birth, total (years)"	"Life expectancy at birth indicates the number of years a newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the same throughout its life."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision, or derived from male and female life expectancy at birth from sources such as: (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
EN.ATM.PM25.MC.M3	"PM2.5 air pollution, mean annual exposure (micrograms per cubic meter)"	"Population-weighted exposure to ambient PM2.5 pollution is defined as the average level of exposure of a nation's population to concentrations of suspended particles measuring less than 2.5 microns in aerodynamic diameter, which are capable of penetrating deep into the respiratory tract and causing severe health damage. Exposure is calculated by weighting mean annual concentrations of PM2.5 by population in both urban and rural areas."	"Brauer, M. et al. 2016, for the Global Burden of Disease Study 2016."
SP.POP.TOTL	"Population, total"	"Total population is based on the de facto definition of population, which counts all residents regardless of legal status or citizenship. The values shown are midyear estimates."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision. (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
SP.RUR.TOTL.ZS	"Rural population (% of total population)"	"Rural population refers to people living in rural areas as defined by national statistical offices. It is calculated as the difference between total population and urban population."	"World Bank staff estimates based on the United Nations Population Division's World Urbanization Prospects: 2018 Revision."
AG.SRF.TOTL.K2	"Surface area (sq. km)"	"Surface area is a country's total area, including areas under inland bodies of water and some coastal waterways."	"Food and Agriculture Organization, electronic files and web site."
EN.ATM.GHGT.KT.CE	"Total greenhouse gas emissions (kt of CO2 equivalent)"	"Total greenhouse gas emissions in kt of CO2 equivalent are composed of CO2 totals excluding short-cycle biomass burning (such as agricultural waste burning and Savannah burning) but including other biomass burning (such as forest fires, post-burn decay, peat fires and decay of drained peatlands), all anthropogenic CH4 sources, N2O sources and F-gases (HFCs, PFCs and SF6)."	"European Commission, Joint Research Centre (JRC)/Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency (PBL). Emission Database for Global Atmospheric Research (EDGAR), EDGARv4.2 FT2012: http://edgar.jrc.ec.europa.eu/"
SP.URB.TOTL	"Urban population"	"Urban population refers to people living in urban areas as defined by national statistical offices. It is calculated using World Bank population estimates and urban ratios from the United Nations World Urbanization Prospects. Aggregation of urban and rural population may not add up to total population because of different country coverages."	"World Bank staff estimates based on the United Nations Population Division's World Urbanization Prospects: 2018 Revision."
SG.VAW.REFU.ZS	"Women who believe a husband is justified in beating his wife when she refuses sex with him (%)"	"Percentage of women ages 15-49 who believe a husband/partner is justified in hitting or beating his wife/partner when she refuses sex with him."	"Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS), Multiple Indicator Cluster Surveys (MICS), and other surveys: STATcompiler (http://www.statcompiler.com/) as of November 22, 2016, UNICEF global databases (http://www.data.unicef.org/) as of November 2015. MICS Compiler (http://www.micscompiler.org/) as of June 12, 2016."
