Code	"Indicator Name"	"Long definition"	"Source"
SE.PRM.UNER.ZS	"Children out of school (% of primary school age)"	"Children out of school are the percentage of primary-school-age children who are not enrolled in primary or secondary school. Children in the official primary age group that are in preprimary education should be considered out of school."	"UNESCO Institute for Statistics"
EN.ATM.CO2E.PC	"CO2 emissions (metric tons per capita)"	"Carbon dioxide emissions are those stemming from the burning of fossil fuels and the manufacture of cement. They include carbon dioxide produced during consumption of solid, liquid, and gas fuels and gas flaring."	"Carbon Dioxide Information Analysis Center, Environmental Sciences Division, Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States."
EG.ELC.FOSL.ZS	"Electricity production from oil, gas and coal sources (% of total)"	"Sources of electricity refer to the inputs used to generate electricity. Oil refers to crude oil and petroleum products. Gas refers to natural gas but excludes natural gas liquids. Coal refers to all coal and brown coal, both primary (including hard coal and lignite-brown coal) and derived fuels (including patent fuel, coke oven coke, gas coke, coke oven gas, and blast furnace gas). Peat is also included in this category."	"IEA Statistics © OECD/IEA 2014 (http://www.iea.org/stats/index.asp), subject to https://www.iea.org/t&c/termsandconditions/"
SP.DYN.LE00.IN	"Life expectancy at birth, total (years)"	"Life expectancy at birth indicates the number of years a newborn infant would live if prevailing patterns of mortality at the time of its birth were to stay the same throughout its life."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision, or derived from male and female life expectancy at birth from sources such as: (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
SP.POP.TOTL	"Population, total"	"Total population is based on the de facto definition of population, which counts all residents regardless of legal status or citizenship. The values shown are midyear estimates."	"(1) United Nations Population Division. World Population Prospects: 2017 Revision. (2) Census reports and other statistical publications from national statistical offices, (3) Eurostat: Demographic Statistics, (4) United Nations Statistical Division. Population and Vital Statistics Reprot (various years), (5) U.S. Census Bureau: International Database, and (6) Secretariat of the Pacific Community: Statistics and Demography Programme."
SP.URB.TOTL.IN.ZS	"Urban population (% of total)"	"Urban population refers to people living in urban areas as defined by national statistical offices. The data are collected and smoothed by United Nations Population Division."	"United Nations Population Division. World Urbanization Prospects: 2018 Revision."
AG.LND.TOTL.K2	"Land area (sq. km)"	"Land area is a country's total area, excluding area under inland water bodies, national claims to continental shelf, and exclusive economic zones. In most cases the definition of inland water bodies includes major rivers and lakes."	"Food and Agriculture Organization, electronic files and web site."
NY.GDP.PCAP.CD	"GDP per capita (current US$)"	"GDP per capita is gross domestic product divided by midyear population. GDP is the sum of gross value added by all resident producers in the economy plus any product taxes and minus any subsidies not included in the value of the products. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of fabricated assets or for depletion and degradation of natural resources. Data are in current U.S. dollars."	"World Bank national accounts data, and OECD National Accounts data files."
SE.COM.DURS	"Compulsory education, duration (years)"	"Duration of compulsory education is the number of years that children are legally obliged to attend school."	"United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) Institute for Statistics."
SL.TLF.CACT.ZS	"Labor force participation rate, total (% of total population ages 15+) (modeled ILO estimate)"	"Labor force participation rate is the proportion of the population ages 15 and older that is economically active: all people who supply labor for the production of goods and services during a specified period."	"International Labour Organization, ILOSTAT database. Data retrieved in September 2018."
AG.LND.AGRI.ZS	"Agricultural land (% of land area)"	"Agricultural land refers to the share of land area that is arable, under permanent crops, and under permanent pastures. Arable land includes land defined by the FAO as land under temporary crops (double-cropped areas are counted once), temporary meadows for mowing or for pasture, land under market or kitchen gardens, and land temporarily fallow. Land abandoned as a result of shifting cultivation is excluded. Land under permanent crops is land cultivated with crops that occupy the land for long periods and need not be replanted after each harvest, such as cocoa, coffee, and rubber. This category includes land under flowering shrubs, fruit trees, nut trees, and vines, but excludes land under trees grown for wood or timber. Permanent pasture is land used for five or more years for forage, including natural and cultivated crops."	"Food and Agriculture Organization, electronic files and web site."
